name: Andrew Boyarov
birthday: 1990/2/19
Mother431967

address:ul. pavlovskaya, bld.39, appt.31
	city: Sankt-petersburg
	state: leningradskaya
phone number: +7 812 326-56-13
university: Sankt-petersburg state university

overview: 
Hello!Over the last 3 years I have worked for many web developments.
Throgh the experience I have learned many skills.
I can handle a lot of projects, ecpecially my sepcialization is 
angularjs and django.
Feel comfortable invite me to discuss and estimate your projects.
Thank you for your attention. 
aboyarov



I have at least 5+ years experience with Web development, especially Javascript and Wordpress.
I am very talented with front-end and back-end programming.
Because of being very young, active and hardworking I am so confident with any kinds of project.
If every clients believe me I will do my best to complete their projects. Believe me! I can do that, any of request. This is my first skill, that is, satisfying clients demand. Thank you for your attention!!!





Hello! Nice to meet you.
I have so solid and rich experience with web development , more than 10 years of experience.
Until now I have developed lots of web sites using PHP frameworks and Python Frameworks.
Also I have been working with my so talented and smart 4 teammates.
I have developed various kinds of projects for example University social site like Facebook using React.js and Django CMS , Marketplace websites, blockchain wallet and so on! 
So If my dear client hire me I will do my best to complete your websites with high quality and deep knowledge.
I will satisfy your very detailed requirements well.
Believe me! You can know about not only my credientials and trusty but also my ability and skill.
Following is my skill set:
-front-end: HTML, CSS, Javascript, Rest.js, Angular,js
-back-end: PHP and PHP frameworks(Laravel, wordpress and so on), Python frameworks(Django and Flask), Node.js
-Database: MySql, Sqlite, MonogoDB

Thanks for my reading proposal.
Regards...






Hello!
I am so glad to meet you like so talented and smart client.
Actually I am very young and energetic so that I can do my best to complete your project.
I have more than 10 years experience with web development especially Wordpress and Magento.
So your project is no problem for me.
You can get very fantastic and well-organised work project from me.
I respect whole clients especially Sweden clients.
My former client was also Sweden. He is so smart and generous so I respect Sweden clients.
Thanks.
Regards...

Hi there! I'm a PDF expert, with over 3 years experience dealing with PDF, I can help fix your scans. I've previously worked on the exact same project for another employer {link to my positive review from the previous employer}.When do you need this finished by? I understand how annoying it is, and can get this fixed for you quickly!Please see the sample I fixed and I look forward to working on this project with you.As you can see from the example above, bids don't have to be lengthy or complicated. It often takes less than 5 minutes to write a new bid, and that effort is usually rewarded!